The future of Internet of Things.
The Internet of things permeates
pretty much every domain,
but I'm gonna talk about three
interesting domains here, and
see how the Internet of Things
is shaping these domains.
One of those three, it's gonna be
mobile health, mhealth for short.
It's about how these fitness devices,
phones and smart watches are helping you
achieve your fitness goals, and
also lead a healthier lifestyle.
Number two is smart homes.
How a smart energy monitor reduces your
cost of energy bills in your house.
Also surveillance, things like that.
Number 3, we all love cars.
How IoT is shaping the auto industry.
And in all these domains,
pretty much any domain you talk about,
you're gonna see this common theme.
What is that theme,
is there is this thing.
It may, or may not,
have direct Internet connection.
Let's say it does have an Internet
connection all the time.
Could be an IP connection.
Or it has some short range
wireless connection,
something like Bluetooth,
Zigbee and things like that.
In such a scenario,
it can talk via phone or
mobile platform and
occasionally exchange data.
So these are the two scenarios, and for
example this thing could be your
[INAUDIBLE] which is always connected.
Or it could be a lawn sprinkler
which comes on briefly and
sends some information.
So we gonna cover that in these lessons,
these three domains.